mc/AKG-SanoPlasma.package/SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator.class/README.md, before:

SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator generates a custom.csv (custom programs) and presets for running the plasma and contacts in crossover fashion, i.e. the plasma runs from the start frequence to the end frequency, and the contacts run in the opposite direction.

SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator new
	startFreq: 400000;
	endFreq: 500000;
	stepFreq: 500;
	freqRange: 1000;
	programSeconds: 1800;
	namePrefix: 'Fr';
	outDir: '/dev/shm/sanoplasma';
	generate


By default, and as in the example above, the program frequency range for the plasma runs from low-to-high, and the contact frequency range runs from high-to-low.

It is possible to generate programs where the plasma frequency range runs from high-to-low, e.g.:

SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator new
	startFreq: 2000;
	endFreq: 899500;
	stepFreq: 500;
	freqRange: -1000;
	programSeconds: 1200;
	namePrefix: 'Fr';
	namePostfix: 'down';
	outDir: '/dev/shm/sanoplasma';
	generate

 
Internal Representation and Key Implementation Points.

Instance Variables
	startFreq:		<Integer>	Start frequency, must be positive
	endFreq:			<Integer> End frequency, must be positive
	freqRange:		<Integer> Frequency range for each program.  Can be negative.
	stepFreq:			<Integer> Frequency step amount for each program.
	outDir:			<String>


Implementation Points

Commit message:

SanoPlasma: Generator supports multiple crossovers

mc/AKG-SanoPlasma.package/SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator.class/README.md, after:

SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator generates a custom.csv (custom programs) and presets for running the plasma and contacts in crossover fashion, i.e. the plasma runs from the start frequence to the end frequency, and the contacts run in the opposite direction.

SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator new
	startFreq: 400000;
	endFreq: 500000;
	stepFreq: 500;
	freqRange: 1000;
	programSeconds: 1800;
	namePrefix: 'Fr';
	outDir: '/dev/shm/sanoplasma';
	generate


By default, and as in the example above, the program frequency range for the plasma runs from low-to-high, and the contact frequency range runs from high-to-low.

It is possible to generate programs where the plasma frequency range runs from high-to-low, e.g.:

SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator new
	startFreq: 2000;
	endFreq: 899500;
	stepFreq: 500;
	freqRange: -1000;
	programSeconds: 1200;
	namePrefix: 'Fr';
	namePostfix: 'down';
	outDir: '/dev/shm/sanoplasma';
	generate

The number of crossovers per program can also be specified with the crossoverRange.  By default, the crossoverRange is the same as the frequencyRange, so there is a single crossover.  Setting the crossover to a division of the frequencyRange will produce multiple crossovers, given:

startFreq = 1000
freqRange = 1000
crossoverCount = 10

There will be 10 crossovers per chain.

| generator |
generator := SanoPlasmaPresetGenerator new
	startFreq: 1000;
	endFreq: 899000;
	stepFreq: 500;
	freqRange: 1000;
	crossoverCount: 10;
	programSeconds: 1800;
	namePrefix: 'Fr';
	outDir: '/dev/shm/sanoplasma';
	yourself.
generator settings
	at: 'Out 2 Voltage Multiplier' put: '3'.
generator generate.



 
Internal Representation and Key Implementation Points.

Instance Variables
	startFreq:		<Integer>	Start frequency, must be positive
	endFreq:			<Integer> End frequency, must be positive
	freqRange:		<Integer> Frequency range for each chain.  Can be negative.
	programSeconds 	<Integer> The total number of seconds for the chain.
							i.e. each preset runs for programSeconds / crossoverCount
	crossoverCount: <Integer> Number of crossovers for each chain.  Default = 1.
	stepFreq:			<Integer> Frequency step amount for each chain.
	outDir:			<String>


Implementation Points
